Are un miros bun.
Poftim!
Cum este?
Se pare că nu-ți c-am place, nu?
Prea amar?
Ce-ar fi dacă ai pune un pic de zahăr?
Well, how about if you add some milk? It might take away the bitterness.
Or vrei să-ți dau altceva?
Nu-mi place laptele.
Ah, scuze, Nu știam.. Ce-ar fi dacă ți-aș da un suculeț?
Scuze...
I probably couldn’t have had tea at your age, either.
Am zis că-s multe feluri de ceaiuri, nu?
Dacă nu-mi place, nu-mi place!
Of course, that doesn’t mean I can’t drink it, but I have my own preferences as to what kinds of flavors I like in tea.
Ce-ți place, Lain?
De ce nu-ți place laptele?
Mă deranjează la stomac.
Haha, să fiu sincer, și eu am avut aceeași problemă, când eram copilă.
Especially when the school lunch included milk. I can drink milk now, though.
Nu pot să-l beau, dar chiar îmi place laptele...
How about this kind of milk? Would that be all right?
Cum se cheamă?
I forget what it’s called, but it’s milk that doesn’t upset your stomach.
It's for kids like you, Lain, who are like me as a kid and can’t drink milk.
Daca vorbești cu mama ta, sunt sigură că o să se intereseze.